Video 2: 
```
{
By the end of this episode, Sam, we're going to see me replace a developer, a salesperson, a designer, a marketer, a researcher, a product manager with AI agents. Okay, I'm in. Are you going to tailor this to someone like me who's like a a Neanderthal? I'm going to tailor this to anyone who is an idea person. So, anyone who listens to your podcast, My First Million or my podcast, the Startup Ideas podcast, anyone who considers themselves an idea person, solopreneur, someone who wants a side hustle, someone who wants a business to make money and is interested in trends and ideas. Okay, I uh I'm into this dude. Okay, so we're going to go through six steps. Uh the first is how to find the right idea and trend. The second is sketching out the idea. I'm going to talk about the tools I use. I'm also going to give away all the workflows so people can just copy them. Um, we're going to scope out the MVP using a tool called Manis. We're going to vibe code prototype using Bolt new. We're going to vibe market the business and automate it using Lindy AI. And then we're going to use a AI agent product manager using idea browser. Because I'm above the age of 30, I feel a little uncomfortable using the word vibe. But do we get a pass? Can I say the V word? You can say the V word. I don't know. Let's Yeah, we we for for now we can we can both say the V word even though it's cringe as hell. All right, I'll try it on. Let's get into it. All right, so what's the first step? The first step is I'm assuming you don't have an idea. Okay, so let's go find an idea. So every single day, uh ide.com um this is actually I created this for myself. Okay, so it basically uses So every single day a new idea comes with a trend. So today's idea is to create an AI SEO agency and it gives you a name LLM boost and it basically says that there's 400 million people uh questioning chat GBT etc. Someone should start an agency specializing in LLM large language model SEO. Did your uh methodology give you this idea for idea browser.com? 100%. This is basically productized Greg and like I basically I run a holding company as my day job and we're constantly incubating and investing in ideas. So we basically said how can we have an unfair advantage using AI to find the latest trends and ideas. All right, I'm into this. But there's a twist. So it says we're going to offer a free AI powered audit quiz that instantly shows businesses where they rank in AI searches. Most will be shocked they don't exist. And then we're going to sell premium optimization services to fix it. So for example, it's going to ask um like Hampton, I don't know how much of your traffic's organic SEO. Let's say a,000 people a day from search. What people are noticing is that LLM search as a part of organic search is maybe now 5 or 10%. Dude, we are just now getting people we have gotten a bunch of people who have signed up and they found us via chat GBT, right? So it would be cool if Hampton, for example, would show up more often. I agree. You know, so this is like a good idea, right? And it gives you like an opportunity score, a problem score, and this uses all AI agents and you can go you can go in in depth and stuff like that. Like it tells you exactly what business model you should use, what your pricing should be, what are you know competing uh customers. Um it really does all the work for you. um you know the go to market strategies what is the target audience it actually scrapes and goes through Facebook groups YouTube channels like this Reddit and it basically set it it it's almost like your AI co-founder in that sense one of the cool features is let's just say you know let there's a lot of ideas that are really good but Sam for example you might not be the best person to go after this idea so you can basically go through a founder fit score and say Um, I'm Sam. I'm the founder of Hampton. I specialize in community. Is this a good idea for me? And then it uses AI to basically generate an assessment to see if we should actually go and do this idea. Okay, this is awesome. And do you have a bunch of people? And this is a product, too. I didn't I just signed up for it. Do you have a lot of customers for this? I haven't publicly posted about it. Wow. All right. So, this is awesome. All right. So, it gave me a six and a half out of 10. Yeah. So, it says your skill alignment is kind of It's actually kind of savage. It says your skill alignment is four on 10. Um, which I don't disagree with. I agree with Yeah. Um, so it just goes through this and it gives you some immediate actions to do what you should do. Okay. Maybe we should partner with an AI and SEO expert. um you know maybe you should launch a communitydriven platform for client engagement. Anyways, the point of this is dude this is awesome. Yeah, and there's way there's way more you can do. You can also you know it tells you exactly what your offer should be. Uh it gives you different frameworks like Alex Herozi has the value equation um which I really like. Dude, this is going to be a huge product that you made. This is really cool and it and it and it's all Yeah. special to this and it also has this AI assistant like we can ask it like um you know what are the key risks of the business and you can have a full-on it's like chat GBT for ideas there is a feature and we can go to it maybe at the end if we have time okay where you upload your own idea and it generates a a report um based on all our all the data of like YouTube and Reddit and all of AI basically but step one is to use this website to get an idea Yeah, that's one is you want to you want to and you know this you want to build an idea based on a trend cuz it's easier. Yeah. So look find you know use something like ideabrowser.com to get an idea based on a trend and then go. So that's step one. Hey, really quick. If you're enjoying this episode, the team at HubSpot, they actually went and summarized the entire thing and so it's in a PDF that's really easy to read so you can refer back to it. All you have to do is click the link below or if you're watching on YouTube, just scan the QR code. But this thing is awesome. I just proof read it and it walks you through Greg's entire five-step system from idea to paying customers using nothing but free tools and AI prompts. So, you should go and check it out. It's a very easy summarization of this entire episode. Again, the link is below or if you're on YouTube TV, you can scan the QR code. All right, now back to the show. Okay, so I think ideas are important. I think that for a lot of people just starting out, ideas are unimportant because it's just like just just get into something and you'll figure it out. But I think that if you have a proven track record of like I I execute, so execution or going forward is not a problem for me. And then if you have that personality, ideas are actually incredibly important. I talked to Kevin Ryan who's a uh I believe he's a billionaire. Uh but he's founded uh MongoDB, which is a 35 or$50 billion company, Business Insider, Guilt Group, uh Zola. He started all these amazing companies and he started it via his uh incubator. And he told me that ideas are incredibly important. And he was like, I get one good idea a year and I want to make sure it's important and great because I go hard on that idea and so I have to make sure that I'm going in the right direction. And so I actually have grown to become a believer that ideas are actually really important. It's not just execution. If you have a past of you move forward, I think you're right. So that's step one. Step two is okay, I kind of cheated in the sense that you do need a human being involved in this process. It's not 100% with AI. So step two is uh you got to sketch out the idea. So, I use a tool. I'm not affiliated, by the way. Um, with TL Draw. I like Have you TLDD draw or TL? Have you seen this? No. What is this? I'm going to everything that as you're talking, I'm going to it. Yeah. Well, I wanted to give away like the stack. I'm going to give away the stack that I use. So, basically, it's kind of like a Fig Jam competitor. I think it's free to sign up. And I just wanted to sketch out what um this quiz would look like. So, cuz you know, if you remember, the idea is we need to do two things. We need to uh people are going to land on this website. It gave idea browser gave us the name LM boost. We need to learn about the business. So for example, Hampton you know what's the URL what type of customers you want. Then we need to do research with agents and then we need to check that you know is Hampton coming up in chat GPT? Is Hampton coming up in in Claude? Is Hampton coming up in Grock? And then we need to give it a score. So, I just drew this out. And the reason I drew this out is because I've noticed, and this is a tip for everyone listening, I noticed that when you go to an LLM, I use I'm using Manis, and I can talk about that, and you give it an image like that, you're going to get better results. That's crazy. And how long did it take you to draw that out? Like seven minutes. I hate drawing on computers. Yeah. The beauty about uh TL Draw though, I will say, is like it makes it for like bad drawers like you and I to just like make these boxes. So, it's for us. It's for us. DJ Jam is also really good. Okay. It's tlddraw.com. tldldr.com. Exactly. Um the next step is to scope out our minimal viable product. Right. So, we need to figure out um how we actually going to build this thing. Right. There's so many question marks and instead of going to a product manager or instead of try to figuring out the self, you and I are lazy, right? We're just going to go and get AI to do this whole thing for us. So Sam, have you ever heard of Manis? No. I'm on their website right now. Um, it says, "Manis is a general AI agent that bridges minds and actions. It doesn't think, it delivers results. It excels at various tasks in work and life and getting everything done while you rest." All right, that sounds great to me. Yeah. So, it's it's very, you know, people might ask like, how is this different than chat GBT or or Clo or or or or some of those. And it's almost like a chat GBT supercharge. So, I'll I'll go through my prompts, but basically it's almost like we're watching, you know, if people are seeing we're it literally goes and surfs the internet for you and based on that like learn stuff and then executes on the task. So, it's like having a 100 agents working for you. But doesn't uh Open AAI research do this too? Yeah. But not like first of all, I can watch it happen in real time and give it feedback, which is kind of cool. Well, sorry. OpenAI has operator too though. Operator. Yeah. This is like a supercharged version of operator. So, wow. You think this is better than operator? I mean, I'll I have to give a disclosure, which is it's Chinese, so like be careful. I mean, I'm not like putting, you know, my financial data and uploading it to So, do they like sub like they like put like PS like capitalism is horrible and like, you know, we're going to come and dominate you eventually. Totally. It's it's you know, it's there's a subtle subtle nuance to that for sure in in in the in the vibe. So, um but I will say it's it's extremely good at for this use case. So, I'm going to go through the prompts and we're going to and by the end of this section, we're going to uh have a good idea of like what we're building and all the specs. And I just signed up for it as we were talking. Is it it has all these like cool like research, data analysis, all these other like toggles that I could use these uh do does this cost money or is this free? Free to use. Initially, they give you like a lot of these they give you like a they get you hooked. They're like drug dealers. They get you hooked and then you have to buy, you know, then you just have to buy credits. It's a credit system. All right. Okay. I have an account now. Yeah. And by the way, this was invite only up until recently. So, your unfair advantage, like people listening to this, like get on this now before everyone finds out. Well, I looked at their traffic. It looked like they went live in March because they had like zero traffic and then in March they had 23 million site visits. That's insane. Yeah. Okay. So, have you heard of Whisper Flow? I feel like I love Whisper Flow. Whisper Flow is is my favorite AI tool. Okay. So, I love Whisper Flow, too. You can use it on phone and or desktop. So, I literally just So, Whisper Flow, by the way, it's a it's a I think it might be free, too. Maybe I paid $100, but basically I click a button on my computer and anywhere where I would normally be typing, it transcribes what I'm saying. So I'm just talking all day instead of typing. Exactly. So that's what I did here. It's like I basically did a prompt where is like I'm starting you took the idea from my idea browser. I uploaded the image and I'm like I'm starting an agency for LM SEO. I just basically explain what I'm doing. I'm not going to go through the full prompt, but the key here is when you're doing the initial prompt, don't forget to say, "Ask me any questions before you get started." So, we have the right strategy for this. I've noticed that by putting that in there, that small one, you know, one sentence, you're going to get better output. So, you were talking to it and got the text and also you attached the image. Yeah, you you should attach any any images or um documents that you think are relevant to whatever it is you're trying to do. Understood. And then uh uh and then so the reply was this is interesting. Here's a bunch of questions that I have to ask before we get started. Okay. Yeah. So it I mean it asked the right questions I would I would say like who is the target audience for the quiz? What is the main uh goal for the person? uh what is the key differentiators between traditional SEO and LLM SEO? So, it asks these questions and then you know I use Whisper Flow as you can see like it's so casual. I'm using Whisper Flow just to respond. Okay. Uh wow. So, wow is coming up. It's it's it gets even crazier. So, you know, I say things like the ultimate business goal would to be give to give them a benchmark for where they're ranking in LLM's now. And then we provide a service for helping them level up their LLM SEO with tools and services. So, I'm basically giving some more information. Wait, would you and would you ask it to critique the idea? Oh, yeah. I do that all the time. So, you'll be like, does this make sense or do you think it should be different? Like, could I just say it like my goal is to scale to 100 million in revenue in 10 years? Dude, sometimes I'll take an idea from idea browser, I'll put it in and then, you know, ask it to critique it and then through the conversation with Madness, I'm like, you know what, I don't want to do this anymore. And this is better, you think, than cuz I do the same thing with OpenAI, but with my own company. So, with OpenAI or Chat, I'll upload like my financials. I'll upload like a book that I like like, for example, it could be like a Warren Buffett book, and I'll be like, "Ask Warren, what would Warren say about this? How would Warren solve these problems that I'm facing? Yeah, that's that's a really good actually hack for using any of these LLMs is like pretend you're XYZ person you look up to. How would how would um would Warren Buffett start this business? Why or why not? Would Sean Pory start this business? Why or why not? Yeah. Or sometimes I'll be like, "Pretend that you're a BCG or McKenzie consultant and you're like cold-hearted and all about operations. Explain to me how that personality type would execute on this problem or whatever." Yeah, that's a good hack. People should definitely do that. Okay. So, uh, Manis is awesome. But you're saying that Manis for what you're doing right now, this is better than Chat GBT. Oh, yeah. It's It's night and day. It's actually night and day. Wow. Okay. And so chat GBT is not going to do this for example like um once we uh it start you know we're clarifying some stuff. It literally creates a to-do list for the project. This is like literally like what a project manager product manager would do. Uh okay this is insane right? So phase one research and planning clarify quiz objectives you know phase two question and prompt development create detailed quiz questions. draft specific, clear and actionable questions for each category. Phase three, validation and finalization. Validate questions and prompt with users. Um, and then the the delivery report and send quiz materials to user. Provide the finalized quiz materials to the user. It's basically putting an entire project plan for what I'm doing with Madness right now. Wow. I feel like all of my employees need to know how to do all this. Yeah. Send this to everyone. Send this to everyone. It's just going to make you a lot more productive. So what was the second qu? So the first thing that you did was you explained the business and then what was the and then it asked you a bunch of questions. You answered the questions and then what? So we got the project plan and then it goes and gets to work. It's your product manager. It's your AI product manager and it actually goes and creates the two things that we actually need cuz remember we're trying to product. We're trying to create like essentially a SAS software to basically score how a company like Hampton is going to, you know, come out in a uh LLM in a in a chat GBT. So, we need two things. We need to what are the questions that we need to ask the business and how do we test on the different LLMs and and I don't know how to do that. So that's why we're gonna we asked Mattis to do it and Mattis figured it out for us. Holy So what you're looking at, Sam, is the the quiz detailed questions that we can make as like almost like a type form on our product. What's the name of our product? It's called LLM Boost. All right. So you go to llmoost.com and right on the first page, you see like a quiz and you're going to start taking that quiz. Yeah. We're gonna and Sam, we're gonna like I I'm gonna actually show you how I vibe coded it in like four minutes. So, um and we're going to actually go through that product after. Okay. How's your heart rate right now? I feel um like I'm taking notes and I'm like I need everyone at my company to know exactly how to do this. And I'm like, do I hire a Greg? Like how do I teach all of my or or am I like do I just have to get good at this and I have to teach everyone like is my job as as the boss just to be like teaching people how to use AI? Is that it? I don't think this is something that you can outsource. Yeah. So then you're saying that I need to get good at this and then I need to teach people. I mean unfortunately Wow. Okay. Yeah. The unfair advantage and the returns that you're going to get by understanding these tools is just worth it. Like why would you want to outsource it? Well, because I'm not an expert in it, but I guess I have to become an expert. But how do you stay on top of all of this? It's my job, you know? It's my job to stay on top of this stuff. I know, but tell me how like how did you know Manis is awesome? Because I'm a nerd, dude. I'm a nerd. That's a such a That's such a copout. Like, are you playing on Twitter all day? Are you in? Like, what are you doing? I I do have tweet notifications for like some creators that I like and that I'm I'm, you know, following everything that's new that's coming out. And I'm also when I say I'm a nerd, I love playing with the tools, not just like reading. But you're just hearing this through word of mouth. Word of mouth being just like just the trades. You're reading the trades. Yeah. You're reading the trades, you know? It's just the trades is not some it's not some it's not PC weekly anymore. It's a guy on Twitter. And then I would say like what I like about the podcast and you probably like this too is that it's an opportunity to actually learn in public. So I'm just learning in public on the podcast. All right. Um well this is cool. What now? So we got these two quizzes and exactly you know how we can Yeah, we have that uh basically the the quiz for the business and then we have the prompt testing for the LLMs. But when I went through it, I actually felt that this was too long. Like no one's going to answer a thousand questions. So I basically said, is there any way to make the quiz shorter? It's huge quiz. And then I also I downloaded a LLM SEO miniourse from the vibearketer.com. It's another, you know, whatever. It's a course. and I just uploaded the content to make it even better cuz I was reading I'm a nerd and I was reading this stuff and I was like I want to make sure that we have this course and all this content in here. So I just p basically the point here is you can paste anything into here for context PDFs um documents and stuff like that. This was a free course. This was a p I paid uh well I'm it's a co-founder of mine started this course. Okay. Okay. So, you got it for free, but it's it's a paid course. And uh is this the thing on school? Uh it's a thing on school. Yeah. Okay. Got it. So, it's 150 bucks and you got some course and you put it in there. Understood. So, it's like, "Thank you." And then it goes, "I'm going to review the transcripts and refine the uh the prompts and the quiz questions." So, then it goes, "My plan," and doesn't it sound like a human? My plan is to analyze the transcript you provided to extract key insights relevant to LM SEO and how businesses are found in LLMs. And then it's going to work on the strategies to shorten and consolidate the quiz. And then it's going to revise both the quiz questions and the prompt template. It's like such a it's it's so pleasant dealing with an employee like this. Yeah. It's going to be like, "Hey, uh, my grandma died. I got to go to the funeral in Tampa. I'll be back in 2 weeks." And then it's like going to take a 10day vacation. Mattis takes notifications. Oh, okay. Cool. So, it is a great employee. So, it goes and does it for us. We've got the files uh to review. And I want to give away one more uh tip on Manis. So, or actually it works on any LLMs. So, we talked about this in the beginning. You know, we're lazy, right? So, how do we I I know what I want to do next now that I have the quiz. It's like I want to go vibe code. I want to build this product, but I need to know what is the best prompt. Yeah. To prompt in this case, I'm using bolt.new. And so the best thing you can do is actually ask manis or chatgbt, what is the best prompt? So, say I say, "Can you create a prompt that I can give my AI developer that I would use to generate this landing page with a multi-step funnel that asks the LLM questions, include all the necessary fields that I need to have, and have a clean, modern design. By the way, this is a another huge hack is to ask it the prompt that you should ask it." It it might be the biggest hack of of using LMS like well is ask for the prompt. you will never be able to outprompt the the person, the guy, you know, the software that sees all the prompts. So, I uh I also use Kubber. Do you know Kuber? K U B. I use the product. I love Kubber. Kuba. I'm not affiliated with it at all, but I I uh I know the founder and uh it's like a net worth tracker. So, it doesn't it's just like Mint or whatever. You could just track all your finances. And uh they have an AI chatb integration. And then I was like, "All right, what questions do you think I should ask you on happiness, on life strategy, whatever?" Like, "Tell me some questions you think I should ask you." And it gave me a list of all the questions that I should ask it that I never even thought of. And I started having a conversation with it. It was really amazing. And so asking the LLM what you should ask it is shockingly useful. Amen, brother. So, we asked it and it does it beautifully. Um, I'm going to go open it up just to show you what that uh prompt looks like. It's a super long prompt. So, um, it goes through the project goal. It's like, develop a high converting landing page and integrate a multi-step quiz funnel. And this is the prompt that you're going to give to bolt.new, which is the thing that's going to make the website. Correct. Yeah. Wow. So, it's a really long prompt. Yeah. Like really long. Like obviously you and I would have never done this. Yeah. That would have taken a week. Like it's like learning a term paper. Look at this dude. Yeah. Wow. Okay. So, thank you Manis and uh the People's Republic of China and we then move on to a Silicon Valley startup called Bolt.new and I will show you how I one prompted uh the website. So, it is bolt.new new the same thing as cursor lovable and all this other stuff. There's bolt new lovable um cursor and I mean there's a lot of them now. Um wind surf is another one that just I think got acquired for three billion. I don't know if you saw that. Yeah, I did. That that that was the same thing. Yeah, it's like a similar thing. So cursor and um windurf are for more technical people I would say. Um, Lovable and Bolt are for non-technical people who want to ship software. And why do you prefer this one over lovable? You know, I I started using this first. I find it I find the output to be really good. Um, but use whatever works for you. Understood. Okay. So, you typed in or you copied that huge thing in there. And then I get this web page. Okay. And it says you're cut. By the way, I'm not like creating copy here, right? Um, you know, I'm not doing anything. I literally oneshotted it. And it says, "Your customers are searching for you on LLMs, but you're not there." Sad face. Our free quiz helps you understand your visibility in chatb a AI models and what to do about it. Take the free LLM SEO quiz now. Oh my god. Okay. So, click. You're a words guy. Not bad. This is uh more than not bad. Your customers. Yeah, I mean that's it's the best. Um this is the best. I like how you're Sam. You're the humans are the best. But you know, it's a close second. But I like how it says there's even a um there's even a testimonial from a CEO of a major internet company. And you want to know something? I would leave that in there. Why? I would just leave it as We're seeing, here's the testimonial. We're seeing a much higher conversion rate from prospective users coming from organic LM traffic versus organic search from the CEO of a major internet company. I think the CEO of a major internet company has probably said that before. So, it's not totally it's not wrong to keep that in there. It's like define major. Yeah. A person has said that. Totally. I don't know if they've said it about uh mlm boost.com, but like a person has said that for sure. So, let's get into the quiz. So, it creates the quiz. Wait, so it did you do any work before this? Cuz I'm on bolt.new right now. It takes like a few minutes to make the website if you're using the free account like I am, right? Um I'm pretty sure I have a free account. Maybe I have a paid account. Okay. So, while we were talking, I just said, uh, make a personality quiz website. And I got a a web page that like I just clicked start now, right? And it works. The web the website works. Yeah. It's crazy. It's absolutely crazy. Okay. Awesome. Yeah. So, there's this thing that you can literally just say English to and software comes out of it, which is bonkers. And um so it says what type of business do you want to operate? Um let's just say like a service business. Do you have a website for your or we can just do like you actually can do um Hampton would be a service business actually. Yeah. Do you have a website? Yes, I do. Um how often do you publish new weekly? Yeah. Weekly or more often? What topics does your content typically cover? how-to guides like this is relevant. Oh, let's go to case studies. Go to case click case studies. You can click both. Oh, wow. Okay. But before today, how familiar were you with LM SEO? Uh, uh, somewhat familiar. Okay. Do you use do you or your team use AI tools like Chat GPT for business? All the time. Yeah. Are your competitors visible in AI search to your knowledge? I am not sure. How important is SEO for your business currently? Somewhat important. Join hampton.com. Uh uh people don't search CEO communities, but but in LLMs, they'll ask it CEO questions, and it would be amazing if uh we were recommended. Put your name. Sam Parr. Okay. Company name Hampton. Look at this. Look at this. I want the report. Oh, look. They put a little privacy thing. That's a small detail that I that again. So, they should put like the Chinese emoji flag at the end. And that's like the symbol for gotcha. Totally. Made in China. Privacy note. We respect your privacy. We'll only use information, use your information to send you your quiz results and related LLM SEO information. We will never share your information with third parties. This is the little details that if you don't use Manis or an LLM like that and and ask it to do the prompt for you, you will miss. Boom. So, in 24 hours, Sam, you're going to get a personalized LM SEO score. You get an analysis of your current AI search visibility. You're going to get specific recommendations for improvement and additional resources to help you to help optimize your business for LM uh visibility. We just built a SAS in like 30 minutes or so. Well, but it's not doing the is it going to do the work for me? It's not. You have to then hire the person to like the consultant like so who's going to do a personalized LLM SEO score? This software. So what? Manis created the the all I have to do to get it to to to to for this to work. All I have to do so Bolt has these like integrations. So let me see my my analysis. Analyze me, baby. I have to just put in all I have to do is get it um catch EBT API key and hook it up and I'll give I can get you your score. How hard will that be? In under an hour you can have chatbt analyze the data and I you know you would probably want to have an integration with superbase. So do you know superbase? No dude. Okay. So superbase is um it's just it's a database. So this is just the front end right? In simpler English words, I would say it's just the thing that is showing it, but you need to hook it up to a database, a place where you can store the data. And you can also and if you want to take payments, you're going to want to add Stripe as well. What? Okay. So, and the way that you would create this report for me is by doing what? Um I would so in the manis details it tells you exactly what we should prompt chat GBT perplexity all that stuff and we just need an API key because it will cost money to actually use the intelligence of those L of those LLMs. But what would we ask chat GPT? So we can actually go back to Manis and and see that. So here's the testing. So it's crazy, dude. So uh section one, um you know, brand and company info prompts to check if an LLM can accurately retrieve basic information about the company and its offerings. So if you actually filled So if Hampton just so it would take your information, your quiz information, and then in company name, it would say Hampton. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So, it's going to take all that quiz information and it's going to just put it in all these questions and the then we're going to have agents basically figure this out for us and it's going to output a score and the agents would be chat GPT. Yeah. And they would be I would be asking chat GPT itself how does join Hampton rank? Yeah. Well, you would actually you would probably the prompt would be Yeah. So the prompt would be like what can you tell me about Hampton? Then it would uh then the output would go to superbase. This is getting a bit technical. But then the output would go to superbase and it would say this is what we learned about Hampton. And then chat GBT or OpenAI would say okay based on that it performed well not well you know we're going to give it a score of 70 on 100. And then now you have that score. So Superbase is the one that's giving the score. Superbase is what stores the data. Open AAI chat GPT is what crunches the numbers. Manis is what's given us the questions that we should ask and chat GPT is the one that is analyzing if it ranks well and then what would I have to do better to rank well. That's a great question. So that's where it's you basically send people uh the report and you say like you scored really well here, you didn't score well here. Uh we can help you like that's the business model. We can help you, you know, get better LLM SEO. For $2,000 a month, here's a package. For $5,000 a month, here's a package. Oh, well, I know, but if I bought the $2,000 package, what would it be doing? Oh, it would be 80%. Here's here's the thing that no one says. 80% of or 90% of good LM SEO is just good regular SEO. So, getting back links, back links. Another thing that's really worth doing is in a world where you have tools like Replet, I think you had him on the show, Bolt, you know, creating calculators and software that's also uh a high quality signal for a lot of these LLMs. All right, this is blowing my mind. I think the next piece is going to blow your mind even more. Okay, do it. So, you might be thinking, "Okay, cool, Greg." Uh, you build something and it's a prototype. Um, but the hardest part about getting a business to to a million dollars a year in revenue or $2 million a year is getting customers. How the hell do you get customers? Well, let's do what I call vibe marketing. So, I'm using a tool called Lindy. lindy.ai. Today we're going to go through two to three Lindy workflows to that you can copy that can help you get you customers on autopilot. Okay, so I and I'm showing this by the way. It's not even so that you can copy it. It's just so that people listening to this could in their own businesses and own ideas could could be thinking about okay, how can I use a tool like this? That's what I'm doing with all these tools. You don't need to use Manis. You don't need to use you know Bolt. You don't need to use ID brads. You don't need to use Lindy. But just think like this. So this is a flow that I use for our uh design agency LCA that does design for AI interfaces or AI age that has literally made us millions of dollars and it could be used for LLM boost too. The way it works is this. I take my tweets, I create content on Twitter, I post it to LinkedIn, okay? I literally just copy and paste it. Then uh if I have a post on LinkedIn, it looks at who comments and likes it. Then it puts all that data. So Sam Par might like and comment and say like cool post. It goes into that uh database and it it g it gives me data enri en enrichment. So I basically it says Samar, oh he he he lives in New York, Hampton, he's got 5,000 followers, whatever it is. So it decides if a lead is qualified or not. It says LM scores the prospect based on 0 to 5 based on our secret sauce. It's a criteria. If the lead is qualified, we actually get their email and phone number on prospect. And do you have to have a prospect account? Um, we have have a POS prospect account. Yes. So, it'll give me your email, then it updates it, and then it we have a Slack channel that says Sam Parental customer just commented. And for us, like for our business, we our average con our average deal size is a million dollars. So, we're only trying to find like CEO. Look at these like our list of customers. Like, it's the GM of Nike. It's the president of Dropbox, right? And you make content that the GM or whoever likes. Yes. And Oh my god, dude. I am all about I almost didn't want to share this. What videos? What video titles do you have that are all about marketing? Uh things like this. All my Vibe marketing stuff. I just did like a a presentation on Vibe Marketing. I go through like a bunch of workflows. Watch that. That's a good primer. Start with that. Oh my god. Um, sorry to give you homework. So, you're making me weak at the knees, Greg. We are nerds, dude. If if this is making us weak at the knees, you know, it is. The next thing is going to make you like super weak. Just because I know how much money I have to spend doing this normally and how much work and how tedious it is. Like people who have like dude before I literally had a person combing through this like going through my likes. Okay, so check this out. So we notify the potential uh prospects and then what happens is we have a saleserson if if the saleserson hearts the message it automatically sends them a text message or email. Wait hearts. What does heart mean? Like heart like like a heart. If they press your I'm asking you how to define something and you're just saying the words over and over again. So you the you know the symbol of love. Yeah. But where is there a symbol of love on LinkedIn? On Slack. Okay. So that's where Okay. So I post something on LinkedIn. The GM of Salesforce who I want to sell to clicks it and says you go Sam or whatever. You rock Sam. I get notified in Slack that I that he said you go girl. And then someone on my team clicked heart. And then what? Then that person gets a personalized email or text message. Oh my god. Yeah. Insane, right? What's the email say? It's personalized. I I you know, you you might say I don't know like how does the well it's like hey like saw saw that you know imagine this right? Let's just use the example of oh yeah we'll use LCA like design agent. So let's just say check out this you know we just designed Dropbox dash. It's an an AI version of Dropbox. And then I notice that the or it notices that the VP of product of Shopify likes it. So personalized email goes out and says, "Hey Shopify, like how can we transition Shopify from a cloud company to an AI company? I'd love to jam with you on it. I saw that you liked my post." That's crazy. It's crazy. But what's even crazier is the next thing I'm going to show you. And I know I keep saying that, but this is this is going to blow your mind. And it's a bit more complicated. So bear with me for a second. And then I'm going to show you, by the way, I don't I don't want to forget. I'm going to show you how you can find some of these workflows. So what if and by the way, both these things we can use for LLM boost. What if you can have an email negotiator as a AI agent? So basically, what if it you can have someone negotiate on behalf of you automatically using AI? So hear me out. Like like for example, if I'm like I'm I'm apartment shopping right now and like it could like email apartments that I like. Well, no. So let's just say let's use the example of LLM Boost just cuz we were talking about it. So let's just say on LLM Boost we created a pricing page and it was like there's three packages for SEO. $3,000 a month, $5,000 a month and then contact us. You know, someone clicks contact us. They're like, "Hey, I'll pay upfront, but I want a discount." But I want a discount. No problem. So, it goes in. So, it gets we get the email, then it checks a knowledge base. So, a knowledge base could be anything from like Notion, Google Drive, Dropbox, a website even. And so you do have to do some upfront human work of um like saying okay if someone you know contacts us and wants a discount um you know we don't want to we won't go lower than 10% or 15%. If it finds a response it automatically responds to the inbound lead. Now it gives it an objective. So the prompt here, you can see on the right hand side, Sam, the prompt is your job is to negotiate with the emailer and respond to their questions until a decision is made in regards to the partnership opportunity. Did you write this prompt? So Lindy has a template section. I recommend people go and check them out. You can actually just copy these some of these workflows and prompts. So it goes, "Hey, first name, appreciate the interest. We only discount 10% for fall deals at it is our busiest time for collabs. Let me know what you decide. you know, keep responses to one to two sentences, never make offerings. So, this is insane. Do all of your employees know how to do all this stuff incredibly well? I mean, dude, we're like incubating AI products and have agencies for for this stuff. So, yes. How many How many employees do you have? We're probably like 55 60. And if you didn't have this stuff, how much bigger would it like how h I want to know how much you're saving doing this? Oh, we're probably saving Well, first of all, we're doing we're doing things that at at a speed and and scale we wouldn't be able to do with human beings realistically. So there's money that we had left on the table like millions of dollars a year that per year especially on the LCA side like these big partnership deal like it's so important that you reach out to someone like 5 minutes 10 minutes 25 minutes after they are engaged or else they might even forget about you know what I mean like in that LinkedIn example. So I would say we're probably saving $5 million a year plus. God damn it. Could could I just hire like are there agencies that I or I wish that like I had a full-time staff member who just did this stuff who just audited everything that we do and was like let's automate it. You know I don't mean to plug all all my stuff but um you can you can you can go to boringmarketing.com and that's what you guys do like very small like I don't know how many clients couple couple dozen clients. Yeah, we spend more of our time building software and technology that automates this. But I just want you to come on every week and just show me how to do everything like this. Professor Greg, so this is kind of cool. So you can I don't know if you know this, Sam, but you can you can actually use uh I call it clude. Um it's people American it's called claude. Actually everyone makes fun of me. call clo but you can use clo claude clo is that is that Canadian French I think in French you call it you you call it clo not not not not clad not clad okay yeah you can use clo to basically call a phone number and have a full-on comm you know voice conversation I've been the recipient of those I think those are horrible they're 85% there but it's worth playing with it because Lindy was like not it 60 6 months ago. It was like 20% there and now it's closed. So I I don't know if I would use it to to you know reach out to customers but Sam this is what you should do. You create a 1-800 number. It's like 1800 join Hampton. People call it and you ask for feedback. So um we you call you know you get feedback and someone says I had an amazing experience with Hampton it was awesome and it's anonymous feedback then it gets stored in a database so we store it in air table and then we let our team know and summarize we summarize the call and this is using Twilio air tableable and then we post it to Slack so we know every single day we're getting um feedback around what people are saying about some of our products and services. We should do that for MFM. You should 100%. You should totally do it. I can build it for you, too. Yeah, let's do it. I want to build that one sometime. I want an MFM hotline that people call and can say whatever and we make a segments out of it. Yeah. Easy, easy peasy. So, those are three workflows worth considering. Now, I have to make mention there are other tools that you could use uh besides Lindy. There's Gum Loop and there's N8N. Dude, these names are are funky. Gum Loop, Super Base. These are some like interesting names. I I like things that are really easy to to do. Like I like that there's templates on Lindy. I find N8N N8N is almost like the cursor and Windinsurf for Vibe Marketing. It's like a bit more, you know, it's a bit more technical. So, I like Lindy and Gum Loop because they're um they're a bit more simple for guys like us. You can actually go through and and look at all the different templates and workflows that you can go and cut and duplicate if you if you don't want to create the flows yourself. Oh my gosh. Okay. Newsletters into Twitter content. Um if you're, you know, a med a medical scribe, your custom AI medical scribe. Um, and by the way, there's like I don't know why people don't do this, but more people don't do this, but there's thousands of $1 million a year plus business ideas just taking Lindy's and Gum Loops workflows and just selling it into the real world, right? Sell a medical scribe to like $299 a month. Dude, I invested at a startup that's doing that. Okay. I hope the start I hope the customers don't see that you can just use Lindy. Dude, this is a good one. I haven't seen this. Elon Lindy calls your team to ask them what they got done this week. Oh my god, that's insane. That's insane. This is last last thing cuz I know we have to head in a couple um and I know this is a this is a comment I always get on my podcast with people are like, "Okay, Greg, but you know that's just a service business. That's just a service business. You just showed us how to like build a service businesses." Well, number one, it's a AI powered service business. Like the qu we created SAS, but okay, I hear you commenter. I hear you. If this if we were actually building this business, how can we take it from being a service business to more of a tech business, software business? So, one thing I always do is, you know, if you're if you get to step five, you have a business, it's probably doing hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, if not millions, and you probably have ideas on where you can take it. So, what I what I usually do, Sam, is I'll go back to idea browser and um use idea agent and upload an idea I have and just see if it's good or not. So, so before this, you know, hrefs, right? Yeah, I love Hrefs. I always call it hhrefs but yeah I like it. I don't actually know how to pronounce it. So while going through manis and building this I was like it got me thinking that hrefs I think it do you know how much revenue they doing? Like they're big. Yeah. Like 80 or 90 like they're in the hundred million range and it's bootstrapped. So incredible business. Awesome. Um, but there's probably an opportunity to create like an AI like an HS for LLM SEO. Yeah. Right. And there's probably that niche. And I think SCM Rush, they're publicly traded, too. Sem Rush also has like is a competing product. So, I just went on idea browser, posted my I was like, what? You know, give me break down. Sem Rush is like a $450 million year post. Yeah. So, it's like if you can give 1% of that, 5% of that, 10% of that. Um, so I just went and I I looked at some of, you know, some of the data here. Um, and it tells me exactly what I should do. So, tells me exactly what my offer should be. Um, tells me my pricing. Um, I like looking at, um, like the value equation. So, like I mentioned the the perceived, you know, the Alex Herozi stuff, the value ladder. This is Russell Brunson. Like if we were going to create an AI version of Hrefs, what would this look like? Well, we'd want to create an an interactive SEO audit tool. Great. We've already created that. We'd want to create a starter plan. Okay. $99 a month. And it literally just tells you exactly what to do. Well, but but you're you're skipping a big thing, which is you have to build the software. Like I like you're telling me to create the monthly plan. It's like, yeah, okay. Uh, I could accept that money, but how do I create the thing that crawls the the the web and tells me how many backlinks I have? That's the old way of thinking, Sam. You used to have to create What's the new way? You used to have to go and create it. If you think that AI HF is a good idea, you literally go back and you repeat all the steps. So, you go that Are you overselling this? Like can I actually have bolt new or whatever it's called make all of the code that create like there must be a reason why hh reps has 300 developers on staff or they did up until this was all invented at least but like you know like there is like proprietary things there right I mean the short answer to your question actually is bolt lovable that's a good place to get your front end build something simple um once you're ready to scale using tools like Cursor, Replet, Windsurf, which are more technical. You know, developers today are using those products and they're 10x developers. It's just so much faster. So, listen, I'm not saying it's as easy as 1 2 3 4 5 6. It's hard. Building a startup is hard. There's it's a roller coaster. There's going to be things that you learn, but the reality is this is the framework for how to build it and you can build it using tools like this. I'm hyped. I'm hyped. I was telling Ari, I messaged her in the middle of this episode. I said, "Schedule Greg another time to come on right now because my mind is blown. This is absolutely insane." Did you message her or did you do some like Neuralink agent to message her? or like was it a workflow that you had created in the past? Brother, I am a Neanderthal. I'm not there yet. Like I literally messaged my team. I said, um, I have some mindblowing stuff to show you. I'm calling you in 20 minutes. Mind-blowing. And I took screenshots of that, Lindy, and I'm just going to say we must do this immediately. This was amazing. Amazing. Well, I'm happy. That was the goal. My goal was to share some sauce, get get you thinking. Um hopefully not piss off your team too much. Um but I think they're going to come out of the other side of this uh way more productive. You're the man, Greg. Uh I call your YouTube channel just the Greg Eisenberg YouTube channel, but it's the Startup Ideas channel, right? Or Startup Ideas show on the Greg Eisenberg YouTube channel. Exactly. Thank you. You're the best. Thank you for having me. was awesome. That's it. That's the pod.
}
```